Replace vbNewLine with Environment.NewLine (#20065)
dotnet/docs: docs/visual-basic/reference/command-line-compiler/vbruntime.md

  
- <xref:Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbLf> constant  
  

> - <xref:Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbNewLine> constant (This is obsolete starting with .NET 5.0)

Author: ```suggestion
- <xref:Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbNewLine> constant (This is obsolete starting with .NET Core 3.0)
```
